
What will it do:
  ☐ Allow users to create folders and flashcards
  ☐ Each folder can have tags, as well as a mode (auto speak every flashcard or not)
  ☐ Allow users to create flashcards (belonging to folders) containing code snippets.
    ☐ Support syntax highlighting for various programming languages (react-markdown)
    


Basic Outline:
  Dashboard:
    ☐ Overview of the user's activity and progress.
    ☐ Quick access to recently studied flashcards or folders.
    ☐ Option to create a new folder or flashcards, after creation, will redirect to that folder
    ☐ Navigation to other sections of the app.
    
  My Folders:
    ✔ Display a list of all folders created by the user. @done(23-12-15 11:47)
    ☐ Each folder may show the number of:
      ☐ flashcards,
      ✔ subfolders @done(23-12-15 11:47)
    ☐ Options to 
      ☐ edit,
      ☐ delete,
      ☐ sort/organize folders
    
  Folder:
    ☐ Detailed view of a specific folder and its contents.
    ☐ List of flashcards within the selected folder.
    ☐ Options to add, edit, or delete flashcards.
    ☐ Ability to navigate to the Flashcard Start page for that folder.
    ☐ Ability to choose folders to go into study mode
    
    Study Mode:
    ☐ Provide a focused environment for studying flashcards.
    ☐ Display flashcards one at a time with controls to move between them.
    ☐ Show progress indicators such as the current card number and total cards.
    ☐ Include options to reveal the answer, mark a card as known, or flag it for review.
    ☐ Options to edit the current flashcard, or delete the flashcard.
    ☐ Display statistics on the user's performance after completing a study session.

Todo for pages:
  My Folders:
    ☐ Perhaps create a dropdown on hover (absolute, bottom) that shows an expand, edit, delete option
      ☐ Mobile users are not able to see this?
      ☐ Will need to refactor code to generalize Dialog and reduce redunduncy
    ☐ Find a way to show info of a folder,
      ☐ Either via info button which opens a modal, or on hover (and a set space on the page )